Fix format of line protocol metrics syntax (#136)
tenzir/threatbus: apps/vast/CHANGELOG.md

- ⚡️ Breaking Changes
- 🐞 Bug Fixes

## Unreleased

- 🐞 The metrics value serialization in `pyvast-threatbus` contained spaces in

>   the fields of the measurements, which is not valid according to the line
>   protocol spec and caused the measurement to be rejected. This behavior was
>   fixed to ensure all fields are separated by commas.
>   [#112](https://github.com/tenzir/threatbus/pull/136)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the fields of the measurements, which is not valid according to the
  [line protocol spec](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v2.0/reference/syntax/line-protocol/)
  and caused the measurement to be rejected. We fixed the format to ensure all
  fields are separated by commas.
  [#136](https://github.com/tenzir/threatbus/pull/136)
```
